Hi welcome back on this video we're going to be learning how to use pre-define math functions from BHB.
All right.
So I'm going to give you a couple of examples and then we'll let you know where they are.
So the first thing that I want to do is show you a function called how this function is going to be
in charge of actually doing.
Isn't that taught to the seventh power.
All right.
So if we go here is 20.
Two to the second power is 28.
That too has a base right here.
All right.
So what else let's just do a b or tag here just to give an example this is not.
And there are many different functions and we will be using a couple of them just to give you an example
there is another function call ran this function is super useful.
This is going to return a random number every time.
Actually we need to go look at and run the number crazy run the numbers right.
If I refresh it gives me a random number all the time and if I pass a one parameter I'm telling a start
from 1 and give me a random number from 1 to a thousand.
And now we fresh look at the different number from one to a thousand.
Perfect is better if I use my keywords actually faster if I use this I can use the mouse it as fast
as I could use my key where you see the command are all control are we go and let's do this do another
one go and use the square root.
I think it's q r t I believe as q r t.
All right.
This will for random I get my my editor is helping me out with this one I can't really get much help
but that's fine I think I got it right.
There we go.
The square of one hundred ten lead.
I think that's it.
I mean let's try one more try one more on that score and the muse.
All right.
So I'm going to use a one called ceiling and what I want to do is take a number like this with a decimal
and we get rounded up to the next.
All right.
All right so we can always use also one another one.
Now that I remember called floor
and we can run that down to the next integer.
Right.
So perfect.
So Floyd is going to run that down and the 5 is going to round up.
Let's look at some math functions here.
All right.
So we see some math functions right here.
All right let's go ahead and see if we can find one called round selling rounds up.
Let's keep going and round rounds of flow.
So there is another one.
Actually that's what I wanted to make sure that we round.
You know depending on which is the second number here right.
So if we use this one here but we call it round actually does the name of the function right.
You see that if he runs it up to the nearest two depending on the second number.
So this was a 4 he runs it down to four.
So that just like we do in school.
All right.
So just to give you a couple examples here.
If you don't it this fall should be in your course.
I said site exercise follows.
You should be number 24 on the score math on score functions if you are doing in a different folder
if you use on different for the call.
Call it math on underscore functions that BHB.
All right.
You can always do or save us from blank that BHB.
All right so there you have it then.
And this is the address of course to find disfunctions.
Actually no this is the address right here.
All right.
So thank you so much for watching.
And I see you in the next election.
Good luck